---
title: Post 9
layout: post
author: ismael.sadiq
permalink: /post-27/
source-id: 1rYpPHvqqplMYUQ-hxdBZ2WZoQJ_mGwHyVvP8rnmmTCo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Box</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Behind the rest of the year</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To catch up.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>We are trying to work as efficiently and quickly as possible to catch up with everyone.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This week wasn't very different from usual, we had a chat about blogs,set up fuezbox, coded and finished but this week I had a trick up my sleeve. Last week we had done computational thinking from last week, and this week I had a chance to use it. Using pattern recognition I used the patterns I already new to help me and using decomposition and abstract I broke the code into easier bits to understand and got rid of unimportant info. Now i will use these to work quicker.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to try and work faster and more efficiently than what I am doing right now and pick up stuff from the book, so i don’t get stuck when it becomes tough. Also I need to try and make computational thinking a normal thought process that goes through my head so I slowly do it without thinking about it. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will work faster and more efficiently, by not getting hung up on programs i have already finished. Also I should pick things up from the book and use computational thinking whenever i can no matter what it is, so it can become a normal thought process in my head, as this will help me a lot. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


