---
title: Post 1
layout: post
author: ismael.sadiq
permalink: /post-1/
source-id: 1mUjKksM8pH_Kerw-wON4vGOzY8ThCFWo93Vs_-na2yY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Setting up Fuze Box</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/9/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I had no idea how to set it up.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a Github Pages Static Website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The most effective strategy was trial and error while we were setting up the Fuze box.  This was  the best way to set the fuze box because it was the most efficient way to try out every possible way to set it up and if you want wrong you didn't lose anything. Also I used common sense to figure it out, for example checking if one plug was the right shape and size to fit into a socket.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I should talk less and spend more time working because talking caused me to lose some time  and took longer to set up the Fuze box. Also I shouldn't be scared to try out more ways to set the Fuze box up because I was nervous that I would break it and I took longer to do it. Also I should be more independent and not ask stupid questions for stuff I should do myself.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I can improve by talking less and focussing on work more so I can be more efficient, not be scared to play around with the Fuze box to get it done and finally I should make sure I have tried everything I can to get it done, instead of asking questions about it and be a more independent learner.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


