---
title: Post 11
layout: post
author: ismael.sadiq
permalink: /post-10/
source-id: 1J_SzNRPINZqO_wePS7QzqxZEs85O5VymQ1c8LHU-8t4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Box</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>5/12/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Behind the rest of the year</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To catch up.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>We are trying to work as efficiently and quickly as possible to catch up with everyone.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This week week i feel like we made a lot of progress in catching up at least the others in at least our class. We managed to get around 9 pages of work done while still reading up and taking in all the information. We did this by reading the blog before the lesson started so we knew what to do and how to improve.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I feel like i should probably type quicker because right now we are probably being held back by how slow we type. Also we need to always save our work on the memory stick because we have had to go back and check all of our work was on the memory stick.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This week we did well and worked a lot faster and more efficiently to solve problems with computational thinking, but we still have some work to do if we want to catch up and this week we have begun to work with the lights, which are apparently really hard so we need to use everything we have tried to work on over the last few weeks to help us</td>
  </tr>
</table>


