---
title: Post 7
layout: post
author: ismael.sadiq
permalink: /post-24/
source-id: 13FnUHNwj3NxwncLMwiyNwHfOowZ-KLtuepJmAY2HBJE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>First week back</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>7/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>From where we left off last half-term.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Do exercises and remember to record them in memory stick.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No, because this week instead of doing Fuze Box related activities we had a chat about our blogs.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The most effective ways to learn were by listening and putting everything Mr keen said into practise, using my head to do things quicker, like copying and pasting the code from Google Classroom instead of spending ages copying it out exactly and not sit waiting for things to get done for me and do it myself.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I can forget some stuff Mr Keen says before we do our work when I am doing my own work so i find it harder and it makes me take longer. Also i didn't put my hand up enough so I should contribute more.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Bring a notepad or something so i can write down everything Mr Keen says and not forget it. Then I should put my hand up more and contribute more because then i will probably learn more. Finally i shouldn’t everything to be done for me and think for myself in my blog and other things I do. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


